Add authentication and SSL/TLS to ServiceControl (#5197)
Particular/ServiceControl: docs/forward-headers-testing.md

# Local Testing Forwarded Headers (Without NGINX)

This guide explains how to test forwarded headers configuration for ServiceControl instances without using NGINX or Docker. This approach uses curl to manually send `X-Forwarded-*` headers directly to the instances.

## Prerequisites

> - ServiceControl built locally (see main README for build instructions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ServiceControl built locally (see [main README for instructions](../README.md#how-to-rundebug-locally))
```
